# Five Seasons
Aim for 80 mins, cut down to 60?



## I
**Keywords**

Spring, 
hunter-gatherer

**Chapters**

----

## II
#### Keywords
Summer, pastoral

----
## III
#### Keywords
Autumn

----
## IV
#### Keywords
Winter, war, Mars, pard

----
## V
#### Keywords
Spring (2)

----

All the world's a stage,  
And all the men and women merely players;  
They have their exits and their entrances,  
And one man in his time plays many parts,  
His acts being seven ages. 
1 At first, the infant,  
Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms.  
2 Then the whining schoolboy, with his satchel  
And shining morning face, creeping like snail  
Unwillingly to school. 
3 And then the lover,  
Sighing like furnace, with a woeful ballad  
Made to his mistress' eyebrow. 
4 Then a soldier,  
Full of strange oaths and bearded like the [pard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pard "Pard"),  
Jealous in honour, sudden and quick in quarrel,  
Seeking the bubble reputation  
Even in the cannon's mouth. 
5 And then the [justice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judge "Judge"),  
In fair round belly with good capon lined,  
With eyes severe and beard of formal cut,  
Full of wise saws and modern instances;  
And so he plays his part. 
6 The sixth age shifts  
Into the lean and slippered [pantaloon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pantalone "Pantalone"),  
With spectacles on nose and pouch on side;  
His youthful hose, well saved, a world too wide  
For his shrunk shank, and his big manly voice,  
Turning again toward childish treble, pipes  
And whistles in his sound. Last scene of all,  
That ends this strange eventful history,  
7 Is [second childishness](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/second_childhood "wikt:second childhood") and mere oblivion,  
Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans everything.